Before we go any further I see I've got an asterix here by the image menu so I'm gonna go over to the
active tool panel over here and click on Save all images.
OK so we've got that.
We can go over to object mode and see how we're doing here.
Not too bad.
Let's come back over to the texture paint tools and let's work on the torso.
Now I have this image of course with this guy but the clothes don't really fit what I want for the character.
I found this other image online here.
Let me go to the reference images.
And this guy right here I kind of kind of like what they did here.
This is a Lego character that someone hand painted.
They actually took paint and painted right on the little toy.
And I liked the little leather jacket and black t shirt here.
So I think that's what I want to do for mine as well.
I'm not a fan of the pants and the boots.
I think I'm just going to make khaki pants and it seems like most of the Lego characters whatever the
color the pants are.
That's what color the feet are as well so I'm just going to make the whole thing khaki for the legs
and the feet.
But for the little leather jacket here let me select this.
Let's with the Phil brush still selected.
I've got the strength at 1.0 to come down here and click on the color swatch GRAB THE EYEDROPPER and
let's find a nice color in here.
Let's.
Maybe it's like this.
Let me try that again.
Let me find something else about here a little bit different.
I'm just trying to find kind of a brighter color maybe something like this.
Now let's go with that.
I'll click here to add it to the palette.
Then let's come over here and hover over the torso.
The L key the arms the L key as well.
All right.
So now that we've got this let's just click on the torso.
Oh you can see I still had the head and hand selected as well.
So let's press control Zee and undo that.
Let's press Alt A to D select everything and then I'll press L for the torso and the arms.
Now with that done let's then click again and there we go.
So that adds it just to the torso and the arms.
Now what we're gonna do is actually use these texture paint tools to paint that black T-shirt and the
black lines for the jacket.
And I thought we'd paint a belt and belt buckle on here too but let's get the pants colored first let's
press Alt A to D select everything.
Let's go over to object mode and see how we're doing.
I like that but I feel like that needs to be a little bit darker.
So let's let's go back to texture paint mode.
Let's select that torso and arms again and I feel like this just needs to be a little bit darker.
So maybe let's take this and just drag this down a bit like this.
Let's try that.
I'll go ahead and add this to the palette and then I'll come over here and click.
Let's see how that looks in object mode.
Now yeah I think that's a little bit closer to what I was imagining.
OK.
Let's go back to texture paint.
You select everything.
And now let's work on the pants here.
I guess we just need to hover over these and press the L key like that and then I have yet another image.
Let's open this up I have just an image of khaki pants.
Let's just open this up and sample a color off of this as well.
So let's come down here grab our eyedropper and I'm not sure if I want it to be this color Yeah.
Let's go with this.
I think that's pretty good.
I'll add that to the palette click here and that adds that there.
All right.
Let's go back to object mode and just take a look.
Yeah I think that's kind of what I want and then as I said I'm going to paint a black T-shirt and a
few details for the jacket as well so there.
There doesn't appear to be too many problems or issues over here on the 2D map which is good sometimes
the fill brush doesn't fill everything properly but I think that's pretty good.
The only thing I'd like to change maybe is this seems a little bit too bright and red.
Maybe I'd like to make this just a little bit darker.
So let's go back to my texture paint and I'll deselect everything hover over this.
Press the El key and let's come back here.
Let's select this.
I'm just gonna drag down just a little bit and see if I can make this just a little bit darker and I'll
click Yeah.
I don't know that that helped a whole lot.
Bullets try.
Yeah.
For some reason that was just a little bit too bright for me.
Okay now I'm going to go ahead and save my blender file with control s. But then I also need to save
here as well.
So I've come out of texture paint mode so I don't have that save all images over here so I'll just come
over here and choose.
Save.
All right.
So that has been saved the hard drive.
I've saved my blender file and I just want to also mention that I've been saving in versions.
This is version 15 and I would highly suggest this as you work on any project save new versions every
once in a while which you can do is just go to file save as and then you can hit the plus key on the
number pad to increment the file.
OK.
Well now that we have our base color map created in the next video what let's do is work on actually
hand painting the black t shirt the details on the leather jacket and a belt as well.
But to do that I'm going to pull out my way come graphics tablet it's way come in to us pro if you're
going to do any hand texture painting I really recommend getting some sort of a graphics tablet.
You don't need to spend a lot of money on it and it doesn't need to be a huge tablet either something
small will work just fine.
But in the next video we'll begin using that to work on some more of the texture painting.